Questions for quiz:

Geography:

Which two capital cities are closest to each other? Kinshasa & Brazzaville (2)
What is the largest state in the USA? Alaska (1)
Which country has the most time zones in the world? France (1)
The island of Borneo is home to which countries? Brunei, Malaysia, Indonesia
Ferdinand Magellen led the world’s first circumnavigation expedition, where can the straits of magellan be found? Chile
Tallest mountain in North America? Denali/Mt McKinley
How many US states begin with an I?
What is the name of the sea that separates Australia from NZ? Tasman Sea
Which counties in South America are landlocked? Bolivia & Paraguay
What is the capital city of NZ? Wellington

Sport:

Canada qualified for the world cup this year, when was the last time they qualified? 1986 (1)
Roger Federer recently retired from world tennis, but when did he win his first grand slam? 2003 (1)
Which states have the most number of NFL teams? Florida, California & NY (3)
Who is the highest scoring NBA player of all time? Karim Abdul-Jabaar (1)
How many players are on a baseball team? 9 (1)
Who won the first ever UEFA European Championship? Soviet Union (1)
The 2022 World Cup will take place in Qatar this year, which city will host the final? Lusail (1)
Which famous race is synonymous with the cocktail the mint julep? Kentucky Derby (1)
Tejo, which involves throwing a metal puck at an explosive target, is that national sport of which South American country? Colombia (1)
How many times have the Canucks been to the Stanley Cup finals? 3 (1)

Music/Films/Pop Culture:

The Sinead O’Connor smash hit “Nothing Compares 2 you” was written by which pop icon? Prince (1) 
How did French President Emmanuel Macron meet his wife? She was his teacher (1)
Which living actress has won the most Oscars for Best Actress? Frances McDormand (1)
Who wrote the novel Dracula? Bram Stoker (1)
Which Canadian Female artist has won the most grammy awards? Joni Mitchell (1)
In the cartoon, the Simpsons, what was the name of the Springfield American football team? Springfield Atoms (1)
Manchester band, New Order, were founded after the death of the lead singer of which band? Joy Division (1)
What movie has the best-selling soundtrack of all time? The Bodyguard (1)
Martin & Charlie Sheen changed their names to book more gigs, what is their original surname? Estevez (1)
Who created the Canadian Sitcom Schitt’s Creek? Dan & Eugene Levy (2)

General Knowledge:

Donald Trump was the most recent president to be formally impeached - name the three others? Andrew Johnson, Nixon, Clinton (3)
Techno music was invented in which city? Detroit (1)
What year did Iranian students storm the American Embassy in Tehran to start the Iranian Hostage Crisis? 1979 (1)
What is the study of mushrooms called? Mycology (1)
True or false - Wales has a higher sheep to human ratio than New Zealand? False (1)
Which famous astronomer is known as the father of modern astronomy? Copernicus
Solve the following riddle - I am as light as a feather, yet the strongest man can’t hold me for 5 minutes. What am I? Your breath (1)





